               Norm_by_flux   Fit_attributes  Array_var  Export_log  dtype          latex_label         units
wavelength                0                1          1           1    <f8        $\lambda_{i}$         wave
intg_flux                 1                1          0           1    <f8           $F_{intg}$         inten
intg_flux_err             1                1          0           1    <f8     $F_{err,\,intg}$         inten
gauss_flux                1                1          1           1    <f8          $F_{gauss}$         inten
gauss_flux_err            1                1          1           1    <f8    $F_{err,\,gauss}$         inten
eqw                       0                1          1           1    <f8                $Eqw$         wave
eqw_err                   0                1          1           1    <f8          $Eqw_{err}$         wave
particle                  0                1          1           1   <U50             Particle         str
latex_label               0                1          1           1  <U100           Transition         str
profile_label             0                1          0           1  <U120           Components         str
pixel_mask                0                1          0           1  <U100     $Masked\,Pixels$         str
w1                        0                0          0           1    <f8              $w_{1}$         wave
w2                        0                0          0           1    <f8              $w_{2}$         wave
w3                        0                0          0           1    <f8              $w_{3}$         wave
w4                        0                0          0           1    <f8              $w_{4}$         wave
w5                        0                0          0           1    <f8              $w_{5}$         wave
w6                        0                0          0           1    <f8              $w_{6}$         wave
w_i                       0                1          0           1    <f8              $w_{i}$         wave
w_f                       0                1          0           1    <f8              $w_{f}$         wave
peak_wave                 0                1          0           1    <f8     $\lambda_{peak}$         wave
peak_flux                 1                1          0           1    <f8           $F_{peak}$         flux
cont                      1                1          0           1    <f8           $F_{cont}$         flux
std_cont                  1                1          0           1    <f8      $\sigma_{cont}$         flux
m_cont                    1                1          0           1    <f8           $m_{cont}$         flux/wave
n_cont                    1                1          0           1    <f8           $n_{cont}$         flux
snr_line                  0                1          1           1    <f8 $\frac{S}{N}_{line}$         none
snr_cont                  0                1          0           1    <f8 $\frac{S}{N}_{cont}$         none
z_line                    0                1          1           1    <f8           $z_{line}$         none
amp                       1                1          1           1    <f8              $A_{i}$         flux
center                    0                1          1           1    <f8            $\mu_{i}$         wave
sigma                     0                1          1           1    <f8         $\sigma_{i}$         wave
amp_err                   1                1          1           1    <f8        $A_{i,\,err}$         flux
center_err                0                1          1           1    <f8      $\mu_{i,\,err}$         wave
sigma_err                 0                1          1           1    <f8   $\sigma_{i,\,err}$         wave
v_r                       0                1          1           1    <f8              $v_{r}$         vel
v_r_err                   0                1          1           1    <f8        $v_{r,\,err}$         vel
sigma_vel                 0                1          1           1    <f8       $\sigma_{vel}$         vel
sigma_vel_err             0                1          1           1    <f8 $\sigma_{vel,\,err}$         vel
sigma_thermal             0                1          1           1    <f8        $\sigma_{th}$         vel
sigma_instr               0                1          0           1    <f8     $\sigma_{instr}$         vel
n_pixels                  0                1          0           1    <f8         $n_{pixels}$         none
pixel_vel                 0                1          0           1    <f8        $pixel_{vel}$         vel
FWHM_intg                 0                1          0           1    <f8        $FWHM_{intg}$         wave
FWHM_g                    0                1          1           1    <f8       $FWHM_{gauss}$         wave
FWZI                      0                1          0           1    <f8               $FWZI$         wave
v_med                     0                1          0           1    <f8            $v_{med}$         vel
v_50                      0                1          0           1    <f8             $v_{50}$         vel
v_1                       0                1          0           1    <f8              $v_{1}$         vel
v_5                       0                1          0           1    <f8              $v_{5}$         vel
v_10                      0                1          0           1    <f8             $v_{10}$         vel
v_90                      0                1          0           1    <f8             $v_{90}$         vel
v_95                      0                1          0           1    <f8             $v_{95}$         vel
v_99                      0                1          0           1    <f8             $v_{99}$         vel
chisqr                    0                1          0           1    <f8           $\chi^{2}$         none
redchi                    0                1          0           1    <f8     $\chi_{\nu}^{2}$         none
aic                       0                1          0           1    <f8                  AIC         none
bic                       0                1          0           1    <f8                  BIC         none
observations              0                1          0           1   <U50         Observations         str
comments                  0                1          0           1   <U50             Comments         str
wave_vac                  0                0          1           0    <f8       \lambda_{vac}$         wave
transition                0                0          1           0    <U5  Trnsition-component         str
rel_int                   0                0          1           0    <f8          $Int_{rel}$         none


